# GitHashingExercise
1) Git

a) Create a new folder named GitHashingExercise. Create a text file named README.md in your repository and write a brief description (a few words) of the project.

b) Generate a unique 4-digit integer, i.e. by using the last four digits of your student ID (AEM). Create a script in a shell of your choice named hash_script, where it should take a 4-digit integer as input and output a hash of the input. You can use any standard hashing algorithm (like SHA-256), run the script with your unique 4-digit integer and save the output in a file named hash_output.txt
Use Git commands to add and commit hash_script and hash_output.txt to your local repository. Lastly, create a new public repository named GitHashingExercise on github.com and push your local commits to the remote repository.

Note: Ensure that have an account on github.com. If you are having issues with Github.com don't hesitate to ask on Zulip!

2) Signals

a) Write a C program mysigcatch.c that catches the SIGINT signal (usually generated by the Ctrl+C command in the terminal). Upon catching the signal, the program should print "SIGINT signal caught!" and then terminate gracefully.

b) Modify your program, in mysigcatchmodified.c in order to use a custom signal handler function. In the custom handler, display the signal number of SIGINT and a message indicating that the signal was caught. After catching SIGINT twice, the program should restore the default behavior for SIGINT and terminate upon the next signal reception.

c) Check /tmp/lab04/examples{1-5}.c. Write in a small summary (a couple of lines) i) how all codes are executed, ii) an example usage and its output and iii) a brief explanation of the actual C code.

Warning: Plain copy/paste from AI (e.g. ChatGPT, Claude etc.) is not allowed. You have to at least rewrite it in your own words:)

In /home/username/quiz-4 you should have the following files:
hash_script
hash_output.txt
repo.txt (where you will just have a link to your github repo, e.g. https://github.com/deadpool/GitHashingExercise.git so git cloning this URL will actually clone the repo)
code-lab-4-explained.txt (where you will answer (2c))
mysigcatch.c
mysigcatchmodified.c

Regarding elearning, as usual, tarball the above folder and upload a single .tar.gz. 
